Background clock:   1min = 1hr
                    Must return to cell at 19:00 everyday (if guard catches, game over) (get warning at 18:00)
                    Can go to cell and sleep to fwd to next day
                    Hunger/Thirst % increases, 10%/min, dies/game over at 100%, eating resets it to 0% (gets warning at 70%)
                    Guard patrol times/pattern

Player wakes up in a prison cell. Looks around, sees barred window, sink, mirror, bed and locked door.
Goes back to sleep. Wakes up, its morning (8:00).
Can go to cafeteria:    Get food in inventory (food is available from 8:00-10:00 and 14:00-16:00)
                        Other NPCs eating, can talk but theyll be rude

Can go to yard: Yard has basketball court where prisoners are playing
                You can try freethrows minigame with sensors
                Construction in the corner
                Bleachers on the side, some prisoners sitting there
                Can talk to them, only BNPC will talk back, everyone else will be angry/tell you to go away
                BNPC has been there a long time, knows a lot

Can go to wardens office:   Cannot enter, guards tell you to go away
Corridor D has too many guards, theyll tell you to go away

Once you have made friends with the NPC, he tries to give you something, guards see it and confines him to his cell permanently.
He then gives you tips by knocking on your shared wall (morse code: .... . .-.. .-.. --- / - .... . .-. .)
He tells you that:  You have to find a way to leave cell at night.
                    Warden's office has supplies, need them for picking cell lock but he wont leave office.
                    Also need to disable cameras in office using the computer

Create commotion in cafeteria by throwing food (sensor action) at someone. They throw back, sensor quicktime to duck and evade.
This causes a fight, warden will leave office for 2hrs (2 min)
At this time, sneak in to office and get paperclips and pen.
Hack camera systems by accessing the computer terminal - bash emulator (list files, run maintenance script and remove the restore script)
If you stay in office over 2mins, warden returns and you're caught

Using paperclip and pen, pick lock at night - sensor minigame, has to move in specified direction n times (raking etc)
If cameras are not disabled (or restore script was not removed), you'll get caught, if you leave cell after 19:00

In yard you have seen construction crew using some tools, digging, but cannot go near during day since guards are watching.
After 19:00, yard is locked, one guard has the key.

Pick cell lock at night, observe the guard patroling corridor A, sneak up behind and pickpocket him - sensor minigame, must rotate phone n times slowly (keep abs(gyro) < 1)
After getting yard key, go to yard, get hacksaw and go back to room
While going back to room, guard catches you unexpectedly in corridor C - quick time sensor event, has 3 sec to make slash action to attack guard
Can hide body by throwing into the construction pit in yard. If not, discovered in 1 min, full lockdown, game over
While going back to your cell, another inmate in his cell sees you: asks you to open his cell
                                                                    you can choose to either help him or ignore:    help: you pick his lock and he runs out
                                                                                                                    ignore: he's angry
Go back to room with hacksaw
Start sawing the bars on the window - sensor minigame, repeated back and forth movement
After bars are broken, can jump out but height is too much and you'll die (give warning first)
Use bedsheets as rope to climb down

Now outside prison building, surrounded by high walls
Suddenly, 3 guards ambush you:  series of quicktime events, if you miss any, you are caught
                                if you had helped the inmate:   after subduing 1 guard, he arrives to help you
Walk around until you see sewer manhole.
ESCAPE